feat: add searchbox native docs (#164)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/react-native-searchbox/searchbase.md

```jsx
<SearchBase
    index="gitxplore-app"
    url="https://@arc-cluster-appbase-demo-6pjy6z.searchbase.io"
    credentials="a03a1cb71321:75b6603d-9456-4a5a-af6b-a487b309eb61"
    transformResponse={async elasticsearchResponse => {
        const ids = elasticsearchResponse.hits.hits.map(item => item._id);
        const extraInformation = await getExtraInformation(ids);
        const hits = elasticsearchResponse.hits.hits.map(item => {
            const extraInformationItem = extraInformation.find(
                otherItem => otherItem._id === item._id,
            );
            return {
                ...item,
                ...extraInformationItem,
            };
        });

        return {
            ...elasticsearchResponse,
            hits: {
                ...elasticsearchResponse.hits,
                hits,
            },
        };
    }}
/>
```

> Note: transformResponse function is expected to return data in the following structure.

```javascript
{
    // Elasticsearch hits response
    hits: {
        hits: [...],
        total: 100
    },
    // Elasticsearch aggregations response
    aggregations: {

    }
    took: 1
}
```

## Advanced Usage

>  Although, `react-native-searchbox` API should be enough to build the powerful search UIs but if you need to access the [SearchComponent](docs/reactivesearch/searchbase/overview/searchcomponent/) instance for a particular component id for more advanced use-cases then you can access it with the help of the react `context` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Although, `react-native-searchbox` API should be enough to build a powerful searchbox UI, if you need to access the [SearchComponent](docs/reactivesearch/searchbase/overview/searchcomponent/) instance for a particular component id for more advanced use-cases, then you can access it with the help of the react `context` API.
```
